Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no
representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability
whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part
of the contents of this announcement.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
(Stock code: 228)
PROPOSED CHANGE OF AUDITOR
This announcement is made by China Energy Development Holdings Limited (the
＆＆Company＊＊) pursuant to Rule 13.51(4) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
(the ＆＆Listing Rules＊＊) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ＆＆Stock
Exchange＊＊).
The audit committee (the ＆＆Audit Committee＊＊) and the board (the ＆＆Board＊＊) of directors
(the ＆＆Directors＊＊) of the Company consider that it is good corporate governance practice to
review the audit arrangement from time to time. As BDO Limited (＆＆BDO＊＊) has acted as
the Company＊s auditor for 10 years since June 2009, upon the recommendation of the Audit
Committee, the Board has resolved to propose the appointment of ZHONGHUI ANDA CPA
Limited (＆＆ZHONGHUI ANDA＊＊) as the new auditor of the Company at the forthcoming
annual general meeting of the Company (the ＆＆2019 AGM＊＊) in replacement of BDO. In this
regard, BDO has also notified the Board and the Audit Committee in writing of their
intention not to seek re-appointment as the auditor of the Company and its subsidiaries (the
＆＆Group＊＊) at the forthcoming 2019 AGM. Accordingly, BDO will retire as the auditor of
the Group upon the conclusion of the 2019 AGM and subject to the approval by the
shareholders of the Company (the ＆＆Shareholders＊＊) at the 2019 AGM, ZHONGHUI ANDA
will hold office as the Group＊s auditor until the next annual general meeting of the
Company. The notice convening the 2019 AGM, together with a circular of the Company
containing, amongst other things, the information on the proposed change of auditor, will
be dispatched to the Shareholders in due course.
The Board and the Audit Committee confirm that to the best of their understanding and
knowledge, there are no matters regarding the retirement of BDO which need to be brought
to the attention of the holders of securities of the Company. BDO has also provided its
confirmation to the Board and the Audit Committee to confirm that from their perspective,
there are no matters need to be brought to the attention of the holders of securities of the
Company.
* For identification purposes only
每 1 每The Board would like to take this opportunity to express its sincere gratitude for the
professional services provided by BDO to the Company for the past ten years.
By order of the Board
China Energy Development Holdings Limited
Zhao Guoqiang
Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director
Hong Kong, 10 May 2019
As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises Mr. Zhao Guoqiang (Chief
Executive Officer and alternate director to Dr. Gu Quan Rong) as executive Director; Dr.
Gu Quan Rong as non-executive Director; and Mr. Zong Ketao, Mr. Cheng Chun Ying and
Mr. Lee Man Tai as independent non-executive Directors.
每 2 每