Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility 
for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly 
disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
contents of this announcement.
China Cinda Asset Management Co., Ltd.
中信_Ya管理股份有限公司
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)
(Stock Code: 01359 and 04607 (Preference Shares))
RESIGNATION OF COMPANY SECRETARY
Reference  is  made  to  the  announcement  of  China  Cinda  Asset  Management  Co.,  Ltd.  (the 
“Company”) on the change of joint company secretary and authorised representative dated May 
10, 2016.
The board of directors (the “Board”) of the Company hereby announces that Dr. Ngai Wai Fung 
(“Dr.  Ngai”)  has  resigned  as  joint  company  secretary  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  May 
10, 2019. Dr. Ngai tendered his resignation because Mr. Ai Jiuchao (“Mr. Ai”), the other joint 
company secretary of the Company, has possessed the qualifications as required by Rule 3.28 of 
the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 
“Stock Exchange”). Dr. Ngai has confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board and there 
is no matter relating to his resignation as a joint company secretary of the Company that needs to 
be brought to the attention of the Stock Exchange and the shareholders of the Company.
The  Stock  Exchange  has  confirmed  that  Mr.  Ai  satisfied  the  requirements  for  the  company 
secretary of the Company under Rule 3.28 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the 
Stock Exchange. Mr. Ai will continue to serve as the company secretary of the Company.
The  Board  would  like  to  take  this  opportunity  to  express  its  gratitude  to  Dr.  Ngai  for  his 
contributions during his tenure of office.
By order of the Board
China Cinda Asset Management Co., Ltd.
ZHANG Zi’ai
Chairman
Beijing, the PRC
May 10, 2019
As at the date of this announcement, the Board of the Company consists of Mr. ZHANG Zi’ai and 
Mr. CHEN Xiaozhou as executive directors, Mr. HE Jieping, Mr. XU Long, Ms. YUAN Hong, 
Mr. ZHANG Guoqing and Mr. LIU Chong as non-executive directors, and Mr. CHANG Tso Tung, 
Stephen, Mr. XU Dingbo, Mr. ZHU Wuxiang and Mr. SUN Baowen as independent non-executive 
directors.